Add doc to support SiteOwnerManageLegacyServicePrincipalEnabled on Se… (#432)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint-PowerShell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SiteOwnerManageLegacyServicePrincipalEnabled

> Allow or disallow the site owner to manage the Azure Access Control (ACS) service principal.
> 
> When the value is set to false, only tenant admins can create or update the Azure Access Control (ACS) service principal from the admin center. If the value is set to True, both tenant admins and site owners can create or update the ACS service principal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows or disallows the site owner to manage the Azure Access Control (ACS) service principal.

When the value is set to false, only tenant admins can create or update the ACS service principal from the admin center. If the value is set to True, both tenant admins and site owners can create or update the ACS service principal.
```

> When the value is set to false, only SharePoint tenant admins can create or update the ACS service principal from the admin center. If the value is set to true, both SharePoint tenant admins and site collection admins can create or update the ACS service principal.

Author: Updated
